\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo*-*
@setfilename the-old.info
@documentencoding ISO-8859-1
@include version.texi
@settitle the-old manual
@include macros.texi


@copying
This manual is for the-old (version @value{VERSION} of @value{UPDATED}),
an Emacs mode to read The Old Reader subscriptions.
Copyright @copyright{} 2017 @authors{}.

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation

@end copying

@dircategory Emacs
@direntry
* the-old: (the-old). The Old Reader interface.
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title the-old
@subtitle The Old Reader interface
@author @authors()
@page
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top the-old

This is the manual for the-old, an interface to The Old Reader.
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Install::
* Usage::
* GNU Free Documentation License::
@end menu

@node Install
@chapter Install

As a prerequisite, you need an account for The Old Reader, and to get a token for this account. You might refer to this place : https://github.com/theoldreader/api. To get a token, enter this command line, replacing with your email and password.

@code{curl -d "client=TheOld&accountType=HOSTED_OR_GOOGLE&service=reader&Email=myemail@ my.domain&Passwd=mypasswd" https://theoldreader.com/accounts/ClientLogin}

You will obtain a token.

Once the prerequisites are met, clone git repository.
@code{git clone https://github.com/jerry40/the-old-mode.git}

In your init.el or equivalent, add this location to load-path
@lisp 
(add-to-list 'load-path "/path/to/git/the-old-mode")
@end lisp

Still in init.el, add your login. You might also add password and token.
@lisp
(setq the-old-api-login "myemail@ my.domain")
      the-old-api-passws "mypassword")
      the-old-api-token "SoMetoKen")
@end lisp

Finally, load The Old.
@lisp
(require 'the-old)
@end lisp

@node Usage
@chapter Usage

You can run The Old with command ``the-old''. You can bind this command to your desired key, for example to @kbd{Ctrl-c o}.
@lisp
(global-set-key (kbd "C-c o") 'the-old)
@end lisp

After command 'the-old is launched, a new buffer ``the-old-reader'' appears, showing your subscriptions.

Help is displayed when user presses @kbd{h}.

@chapter Navigation

You can use @kbd{m} to switch between modes : subscriptions list, labels list, articles list. Use @kbd{g} to reload data. To quit, @kbd{q} is to pressed.

Use @kbd{n} and @kbd{p} to navigate to next, previous item. Press @kbd{<RET>} to open article in Emacs (using shr), @kbd{v} to show it, or @kbd{w} to open it in browser.

Press @kbd{o} to obtain information about the row, @kbd{c} to copy the article address.

@chapter Marking

@kbd{r} to set article as read, @kbd{u} to set as unread, or @kbd{t} to toggle between these states. @kbd{s} to toggle star.

To mark all items as read, you can use @kbd{*}.

@chapter Filtering
Ongoing development happens to allow filtering articles.
One can filter articles using @kbd{1} or @kbd{2} or @kbd{3}.
Use @kbd{l} to clear filters.

@chapter Subscriptions
Use @kbd{a} to add a subscription. When point is on a subscription, use @kbd{d} to remove it


@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl-1.3.texi

@bye

@c Local Variables:
@c mode: texinfo
@c TeX-master: t
@c sentence-end-double-space: t
@c End:
